NARRATOR:
Somewhere, hidden
amongst thorny brambles,
is a little kingdom
of elves and fairies.
Everyone who lives here
is very, very small.
I'm Ben Elf.
[BLOWS HORN]
[BARKS]
And I'm Princess Holly.
[GIGGLES]
Come on, let's play.
Wait for us.
[BOTH LAUGHING]
[NARRATOR READS ONSCREEN TEXT]
[♪♪♪]
NARRATOR:
Today's adventures starts
at the Little Castle.
[BEN READS ONSCREEN TEXT]
No time to read the newspaper,
Your Majesty.
There is king's work
to be done.
What king's work?
The elves want you
to inspect their latest toy.
Oh. I don't like
these elf toy inspections.
The toys are always perfect,
and all I say is,
"They're perfect."
[HORN HONKING]
There's the Elf Truck now.
[♪♪♪]
Hello, Your Majesty.
May I present
the very latest elf toy.
A space rocket.
It's perfect.
Don't you want
to see it fly?
[GROANS]
Okay, if I must.
[WHIRRING]
[TICKING]
Is that it?
Yes.
But it's called
a space rocket.
It didn't go anywhere
near space, did it?
It's just a toy,
Your Majesty.
Just a toy?
I could kick a football
higher than that.
And rockets should be able
to go higher than footballs.
Well, I'm sure
we can make it go higher.
How high?
I could make a rocket
go to the moon
if I wanted to.
No, you couldn't.
Yes, I could.
I'm an elf.
[BLOWS HORN]
And elves can do anything.
Very well.
I command the elves
to build a rocket
to fly me to the moon.
And me.
To fly me and Princess Holly
to the moon.
And me.
And Gaston.
[BARKING]
And Nanny Plum
to look after the children.
I bet you can't fly
Holly, Ben, Gaston, me
and Nanny Plum to the moon.
You're on.
By tonight.
Oh. Okay.
Marvelous.
See you later, then.
Come on, Ben,
we'd better go
and start making that rocket.
It's a matter of elf honor.
Okay. Bye, Holly.
See you tonight.
Bye.
[HORN HONKS]
Ah!
How did the toy inspection go?
Did the King say
the toy rocket was perfect?
Uh...
He thought
it could go a bit higher.
Oh, really?
Well, I suppose
I could fit a stronger spring.
How high
does the King want it to go?
To the moon.
To the moon?
And I said we could have
some people inside.
People inside?
By tonight.
Impossible.
Elf honor is at stake.
Elf honor?
In that case, we must do it.
We'll build this rocket,
and we'll fly it to the moon.
Tonight.
[♪♪♪]
WISE OLD ELF [OVER BULLHORN]:
Stop toy production
at the Elf Factory.
Start work on the elf rocket
immediately.
ALL:
Right-o.
[ALL BLOWING HORNS]
Now, I will work out how to get
the elf rocket from here--
BEN:
The Little Kingdom.
WISE OLD ELF:
--to here.
BEN:
The moon.
[♪♪♪]
Ah! Nanny Plum.
I'd like you to join us
on a little trip this evening
to the moon.
A trip to the moon?
That sounds nice.
I'll pack a picnic.
[PHONE RINGING]
Hello?
Hello, Your Majesty.
The elf rocket is ready.
That was quick.
Elves work quickly.
And we're elves.
[HORN BLOWING OVER PHONE]
[SCREAMS]
May I present
the elf rocket.
[♪♪♪]
KING:
Not bad.
Does it fly?
"Does it fly?"
Of course it flies!
It's an elf rocket.
The rocket will land here,
in the Sea of Tranquility.
Ooh, the seaside.
We can make sand castles.
We can have a picnic
on the beach.
And you can go paddling
in the sea.
There is no water
on the moon.
But what is the sea
made from?
Just rock.
A sea of rock?
What's the point of that?
Listen, everyone.
This is a very serious mission.
There'll be no swimming
or picnics.
[BUZZING]
Here is the main cabin.
The cabin is a bit tiny.
I might stay down below
in the kitchen.
The kitchen?
There isn't a kitchen.
No kitchen?
What's all this big space for,
then?
This space is for the fuel,
Nanny Plum.
I have worked out exactly
how much fuel we need
to get you to the moon.
Where's the toilet, then?
There isn't one.
You'll just have to go
before you leave.
No toilet?
But if we're having a picnic
at the seaside,
we'll need--
Nanny Plum!
It's not a picnic
at the seaside.
It's a very serious mission.
We are going to the moon.
Now, all astronauts,
into their space suits!
Get ready for take-off!
[GIGGLING]
[BARKING]
What's this for?
WISE OLD ELF:
There's no air in space.
You'll have to wear
a space suit.
But we can just use magic
to breathe?
No. Magic is not allowed
aboard the elf rocket.
You will have to leave
your wands behind.
[GROANS]
Okay.
Astronauts,
aboard the rocket!
Queen Thistle, would you please
come with me
to the mission control room?
QUEEN:
Ooh!
Systems check.
Engines ready?
COMPUTER:
Engines are go.
Computers ready?
COMPUTER:
Computers online.
Fuel system ready?
COMPUTER:
Fuel systems A-okay.
Start the countdown.
COMPUTER:
Ten...
WISE OLD ELF:
I want to wish you all
the best of luck.
You are going
where no elf has gone before.
Or fairy.
Or fairy. Oh, sorry, Holly.
You are going where no elf
or fairy has gone before.
Is everyone ready?
All ready and A-okay,
Wise Old Elf.
COMPUTER:
...zero.
Here we go!
Next stop: the moon.
Blast off!
[RUMBLING]
[ALL GRUNTING]
Hang on, everybody!
All systems go.
[RUMBLING]
QUEEN:
Where did it go?
"Where did it go?"
Into space!
It actually worked.
I wasn't expecting that.
[♪♪♪]
MR. ELF:
We are now out
of Earth's atmosphere.
We can take off
our seatbelts.
Whoa, I'm flying!
That's because
there's no gravity in space.
I'm flapping my wings,
but they don't do anything.
Yes, your wings won't work
in zero gravity.
[BARKING]
Are you sure
there isn't a toilet?
What's through this door?
No! Don't open that door!
[SCREAMING]
Hang on!
What happened?
When you open a door
in space,
it sucks all the air
out of the rocket!
Poor Nanny Plum.
She's floating away.
Hello!
My wings don't work!
We can hear you
through the radio, Nanny Plum.
You don't need to shout.
Just stay calm.
"Stay calm"?
I'm floating off
into deep space!
Elf rocket,
this is mission control.
What's going on up there?
Nanny Plum opened the door
and is now lost in space.
Oh, dear, that's a shame.
Well, never mind.
On with the mission.
No.
We have to rescue Nanny Plum.
Oh, I suppose we must.
I'll rescue Nanny.
Me too.
[BARKING]
All right.
You're all tied to this rope
so you won't drift away.
Are you ready?
BOTH: Ready.
[BARKS]
We're coming, Nanny Plum.
Hold on.
Hold on? Hold on to what?
Oh, no.
We can't reach Nanny Plum.
Mr. Elf,
the rope isn't long enough.
Oh, no! Lost in space.
And I never even went
to the toilet.
Here's your lasso, Ben.
Thanks, Dad.
Keep still.
I'm going to throw this lasso
around your waist.
Got you!
[HOLLY CHEERS]
You rescued Nanny Plum.
Oh, thank you, Ben.
Uh, thank you, everyone,
for rescuing me.
Let that be a lesson to you,
Nanny Plum.
No more opening doors.
I was just having
a look around.
Well, please
don't look around.
This is a serious mission.
Elf honor is at stake.
Well, I'm very sorry.
I won't touch anything again,
fairy's honor.
Good. Now everybody
strap themselves in.
Our next stop is the moon.
Oh, good.
The sooner we get there,
the sooner
we can have our picnic.
For the last time,
Nanny Plum,
there will be no picnic
on the moon.
NARRATOR:
This adventure continues
in our next episode:
"Picnic on the Moon."
NARRATOR:
Today's adventure starts
in outer space.
[♪♪♪]
[BEN & HOLLY READ
ONSCREEN TEXT]
[BEN & HOLLY WHOOPING]
[GASTON BARKING]
Elf rocket
to mission control.
In a few minutes,
we will land on the moon.
Very good, Mr. Elf.
You are on target to land
in the Sea of Tranquility.
Lovely.
Once we're at the seaside,
we can eat our picnic.
Oh. Nanny Plum,
for the last time,
we are not going
for a picnic!
Why not?
Because this is a serious
elf mission
to the moon.
NANNY:
We can still have a picnic.
[♪♪♪]
Ready, everyone?
We are about to go
where no elf has gone before.
Or fairy.
Oh, yes. Sorry, Holly.
We are going where no elf
or fairy has gone before.
[CLANKING]
[BEN & HOLLY LAUGHING]
Woo-hoo!
Look how high I can jump.
BEN:
This is brilliant!
[HOLLY GIGGLING]
[BARKING]
All right,
that's enough funny business.
Here's my timetable
for the mission.
"One, land on moon."
Done that.
"Two, plant the flag."
I am now king of the moon.
[♪♪♪]
Plant the flag. Done.
"Three, go back home."
But what about the picnic?
And you missed out
the seaside.
Yes, where's
this Sea of Tranquility?
I fancy a paddle.
Ah, the Sea of Tranquility
doesn't have water in it.
It's full of sand.
But where do the aliens go
when they want a swim?
Aliens?
Nanny Plum said there might be
aliens on the moon.
Ha, ha. Well,
that's just a fairy story.
[GIGGLING
AND SPEAKING ALIEN]
Aah! An alien.
Uh... Hello.
HOLLY:
Aliens. Amazing.
[SPEAKING ALIEN]
Oh, that's nice.
He's saying "hello."
Can you speak Alien, Nanny?
No.
This is mission control.
What's going on up there?
We just met an alien.
Amazing.
This is an historic,
momentous occasion.
This is the biggest thing
to happen ever.
Do you think he'd like
a cheese sandwich?
Nanny Plum,
we do not celebrate
historic meetings
with a cheese sandwich.
HOLLY:
Maybe the aliens can show us
where the seaside is.
There is no sea on the moon,
only sand.
We can still build
sand castles.
Yes.
[GIGGLES]
BOTH:
Bingo!
No!
Don't start digging up the moon.
You'll upset the aliens.
[ALL SPEAKING ALIEN]
Look. The aliens love
building sand castles.
[GIGGLES]
Bingo.
[SPEAKING ALIEN
AND GIGGLING]
I'm a bit hungry.
Me too.
Time for the picnic.
No!
Magic basket, please--
[SCREAMS]
Magic! Nanny Plum,
are you waving your magic wand
around?
I haven't got my wand,
remember?
It wasn't allowed
on this silly elf mission.
WISE OLD ELF:
Ah, yes.
Anyway, the magic picnic basket
doesn't need a wand to work.
You just ask it
for what you want.
Magic basket, please
Make us sandwiches
With ham and cheese
HOLLY: Yippee!
BEN: Hooray!
And now for pudding!
Magic jelly!
BOTH: Magic jelly!
[BARKING]
Uh... Nanny Plum, we don't
want another jelly flood.
Oh, it'll be fine.
Nanny Plum, I want you
to think very carefully
about what you are doing.
Whatever.
Magic basket, please
Jelly, jelly
What's it doing?
Oh, no.
I forgot to say "not a lot."
[KING SCREAMS]
Jelly flood!
Nanny,
that's too much jelly!
NANNY:
Oh, dear.
ALL:
Whoa!
Jelly flood!
What's happening?
Nanny Plum has flooded
the Sea of Tranquility
with jelly.
[GASPS]
Nanny Plum!
All the maps of the moon
will have to be changed!
The Sea of Tranquility
is now the sea of jelly.
Sorry.
Sorry?
The aliens
will be very upset.
[SLURPING]
Jelly.
But the aliens
like the jelly.
They're eating it all up.
[ALIENS CHATTERING]
They love it.
I better make some more.
Magic basket--
No! Nanny Plum, I forbid you
to make any more jelly
on this mission.
NANNY:
But look at the aliens'
sad little faces.
They're still hungry.
WISE OLD ELF [OVER RADIO]:
No more magic jelly.
Okay.
Hmph. I was looking forward
to having a bit of jelly
myself.
Oh.
Nanny,
we can't eat the picnic
anyway.
Our space helmets
are in the way.
That's the last straw.
No water in the sea,
and we can't eat food.
What kind of a picnic
is this?
It's not a picnic!
Okay. Let's go home.
Nanny Plum's right.
It's time to go.
Well, that's what
I've been saying.
[♪♪♪]
Bye-bye, aliens!
Bye!
ALL:
Bye-bye.
I like aliens.
Yes, they're lovely.
Everybody, get ready
for take-off.
I will set the controls
for--
Oh.
[ALARM BEEPING]
What is it?
COMPUTER:
Fuel tank is empty.
Ah.
We seem to be out of fuel.
What does that mean?
We are stuck on the moon...
forever!
Oh, no.
What? What's wrong?
I put enough fuel in the rocket
to get to the moon,
but I forgot
about getting back.
Oh, dear,
that was a bit silly.
Yes. Yes, it was very silly.
It's all because
of your little elf rules.
If you'd let us bring
our fairy wands,
we could have used magic to get
us back, but of course some--
There's been quite enough magic
for one day,
with that picnic basket
of yours.
I didn't mean to make
so much magic jelly.
Magic jelly!
Of course.
Nanny Plum,
listen carefully.
I want you to put
the magic basket
into the fuel tank.
Why?
There's no time
for questions.
Just do it.
Here's the fuel tank,
Nanny Plum.
Now ask the magic basket
for jelly.
What?
But you said no more
magic jelly, remember?
Yeah, I know I did,
but this is an emergency.
Okay.
How much jelly do you want?
A lot.
Righty-o.
What? How will that help?
The jelly comes
out of the magic basket
at amazing speed.
[BLOWING RASPBERRY]
We can use
the power of jelly
to make the rocket fly
back home.
If I'd said that
you'd say I was being silly.
But it's not you saying it,
it's me.
And the Wise Old Elf
is very wise, Nanny Plum.
I suppose
he is a bit clever.
Okay, let's give it a go.
Magic basket, please
Jelly, Jelly
Lots, lots, lots
[TINKLING]
Oh, hang on, everyone.
[RUMBLING AND SPLOSHING]
[ALIENS CHATTERING]
It worked!
Hooray!
[CHATTERING]
[♪♪♪]
MR. ELF:
Elf rocket to control.
We are heading back
to the Little Kingdom.
Using jelly power.
ALL:
Hooray!
They're on their way home.
Mr. Elf,
please land the elf rocket
in the Frog Pond.
Right-o.
[BEEPING]
[CROAKING]
Where are they?
Aah! There they are!
Stand back, everyone.
[♪♪♪]
Launch the dinghy.
We're home.
Welcome back,
Ben and Holly.
[BEN & HOLLY GIGGLING]
We flew to the moon
and back.
The mission
was a complete success.
Thanks to the wonders
of elf cleverness.
Thanks to my magic jelly,
you mean.
What?
Without my magic jelly,
we'd still be on the moon.
Now, now, Nanny.
Let's not argue
over the little details.
Let's just say
elf skill got us to the moon
and fairy magic got us home.
ALL:
Hooray!
[ALL LAUGHING]
[♪♪♪]